I. Goals
-Provide repeatable end-game content.
	-This content will largely take the form of a gauntlet. Missions are structured around the player being given a handful of keys to enter the nebula. 

-Fully kitting out a ship should require a bit of a grind

-The grind should actually be fun, not frustrating; focus on skill instead of RNG
	-Getting loot out is best done with a freighter, but heavy freighters are too vulnerable. This rewards nimble/up-gunned freighters, or cargo-modified warships.

	-The player will need a transport or marine-oriented warship in order to capture
	vessels. Exit should only be possible after completing mission objectives or aborting in order to prevent farms.
	
	-Give ships a large disable window, no random boarding failure. Getting loot or spending crew boarding a ship is a decision point, not a lucky break.
	
	-Themes to explore can include the necessary ruthlesness in fighting against an entrenched empire, trust and suspicion if Regime agents infiltrate the Refugees, and militancy vs secrecy. Having them serve as an aggressive counterpoint to the Remnant's isolation could be interest - both are small offshoots trying to survive.

II. Ships

	The general aesthetic for vessels is:
	-A primary hull which hosts main weapons, and tends to be well-protected by large armored plates which extend in front and potentiallly around the ship. Vessels should look like they're carrying a shield in front of them/to one side.
	-Additonal hull(s) host the engines, reactor, and potentially turrets. These are also somewhat armored, but to a lesser extent. Reactor crew have rather terrible working conditions and a short life expectancy - to prevent rebellion they're sealed off from the rest of the ship. 

	Regime Navy	
		Cyclops Battleship
			Superheavy Warship
			D Speed
			C Turning
			Excels at engaging superheavies and heavy warships
			Vulnerable to fighter wings and light warships
			Only appears as a nebula boss
			2 Spinal Mounts (Plasma+Ion Helix Guns)
			4 Turrets (Artillery)
			
		Echidna Supercarrier
			Superheavy Warship
			D Speed
			D Turning
			Excels at engaging multiple heavy warships
			Vulnerable to light warships/strong anti-fighter outfitting
			Only appears as a nebula boss
			6 Turrets (Antimissile/Plinker mix)
			8 Fighter Bays
			12 Drone Bays
		
		Titan Cruiser
			Heavy Warship
			D Speed
			C Turning
			Excels at killing medium warships
			Vulnerable to fighter wings and light warships
			3 Gun Ports (Artillery Missiles)
			6 Turrets (Beams)
			
		Scylla Carrier
			Heavy Warship
			C Speed
			D Turning
			Space superiority or anti-cruiser (depends if fighters are plinkers or maulers)
			Vulnerable to direct engagement
			6 Fighter Bays
			6 Drone Bays
			2 Gun Ports (Artillery Missiles)
			4 Turrets (Plinker/Antimissile Mix)
			
		Hecatoncheire Cruiser
			Heavy Warship
			C Speed
			C Turning
			Brawler with a deadly frontal arc
			Dies to what it can't catch up to or maneuver to face
			8 Gun Ports (Mauler/Beam)
			2 Turrets (Blaster)
			
		Charybydis Destroyer
			Medium Warship
			C Speed
			C Turning
			Gun platform. Flak variant counters fighters, artillery variant counters light warships.
			Vulnerable to medium+ warships
			2 Gun Ports (Missiles)
			5 Turrets (4 Artillery/Plinker + 1 Antimissile)
		
		Gorgon Destroyer
			Medium Warship
			C Speed
			B Turning
			Light warship killer
			Vulnerable to artillery and kiting
			1 Spinal Mount (Tractor Beam)
			4 Gun Ports (Mauler)
			2 Turrets (Blaster)
			
		Hydra Corvette
			Light Warship
			A Speed
			B Turning
			Fighter killer
			Vulnerable to heavier vessels
			2 Gun Ports (Plinker missiles)
			2 Turrets (Plinker) 
		
		Minotaur Corvette
			Light Warship
			B Speed
			B Turning
			Heavy warship killer
			Vulnerable to fighters and light warships
			6 Gun Ports (Mauler/Beam)
			1 Turret (Antimissile)
		
		Centaur Bomber
			Interceptor
			B Speed
			C Turning
			Medium+ Warship killer
			Vulnerable to space superiority fighters/light warships
			4 Gun Ports (2 Maulers, 2 single-shot bombs)
			1 Turret (Plinker)
			
		Nemean Interceptor
			Interceptor
			A Speed
			B Turning
			Heavy escort interceptor
			Vulnerable to light warships
			3 Gun Ports (Beam, 2 Plinker Missiles)
			
		Harpy Fighter
			Fighter
			A Speed
			A Turning
			Space superiority fighter
			Vulnerable to light warships
			2 Gun Ports (1 Plinker Gun, 1 Plinker Missile)
			-Mauler variant uses only one of the slots for a large rocket pod
		
		Shade Drone
			Drone
			B Speed
			A Turning
			Suicide drone
			Vulnerable to fighters, light warships
			1 Gun Port (Single-shot suicide bomb)
	
	Civilian/Regime Logistics
		Prison Transport
			Heavy Transport
			D Speed
			D Turning
			Well armored transport vessel. Tends to self-destruct, well-escorted.
			Plunderable isolation pods which can be returned to the refugees for rewards.
			6 Turrets (2 Antimissile, 4 Blaster)
			
		Military Shuttle
			Light Transport
			A Speed
			C Turning
			Fast and well-shielded. Tends to have a substantial Pegasus/Hydra escort.
			Worth looting. Good engines, lootable intelligence, capturable VIPs?
			2 Turrets (Antimissile, Blaster)
			
		Military Transport
			Medium Freighter
			C Speed
			C Turning
			A decently protected, decently agile transport.
			A mediocre loot option. Might have some goods which the refugees will buy.
			3 Turrets (Antimissile, 2 Plinker)
		
		Transport Technical
			Medium Freighter
			C Speed
			C Turning
			Military Transport that's been modified by rebels. More armor, more guns, more sluggish
			Not capturable. Becomes available at the shipyard as the campaign progresses.
			2 Gun Ports
			3 Turrets
		
		Freight Pod
			Light Freighter
			C Speed
			C Turning
			Mostly exists to provide flavor. Only spawns as civilian, floats around.
			Becomes a valid target if the player influences the refugees to embrace piracy.
			Unarmed
			
		Transport Pod
			Light Transport
			C Speed
			C Turning
			Mostly exists to provide flavor. Only spawns as civilian, floats around.
			Becomes a valid target if the player influences the refugees to embrace terrorism.
			Unarmed
			
		Suicide Pod
			Light Transport
			B Speed
			C Turning
			Begins to spawn under the refugee faction if they embrace "for the greater good" ideals. Flings itself into Regime ships and explodes.
			1 Gun Port (Single-shot suicide bomb)
			
		

III. Outfits

	Flak Artillery Cannon
		Plinker, long range, used on larger ships to screen against waves of fighters
	
	Pulse Artillery Cannon
		Upgraded FAC that can be looted from deeper in the Nebula or as a special reward.
		
	Plinker Missile
		Kills fighters. Fast, good turning, modest damage. Low maximum DPS, but basically guarantees hits. 
	
	[Polearm] Mass Driver
		Artillery guns of various caliber. Fires a fast traveling slug at long range. Low refire rate; generally optimized for combating medium warships. Anything smaller should be able to dodge - anything larger you don't need the accuracy and could instead target with beams.
	
		The smallest variety might qualify as plinkers instead of artillery.
		
	[Axe] Railgun
		Beam-style guns that are just a torrent of explosive slugs with very high accuracy and speed. Whatever this is mounted on should have absolutely terrible rotational speed. This is made for cracking open capital ships and stationary installations - it should be very difficult to bring to bear on anything agile. High heat, high energy use.
		
		Should be used sparingly in fleet deployments. Whatever has it will be a critical threat, but also prone to overheating. Sustained fire is absolutely deadly.
		
	Artillery missile
		It's a torpedo. Good speed and damage, low rate of fire and turn rate. Better against medium+ warships. Doesn't quite have the oomph to tear apart heavies alone - you'll need beams or maulers for that. 
	
	Ionic Wave Cannon
		Spinal mount gun that deals massive amounts of ion effect. Actually produces energy when fired, but also massive amounts of heat.
	
	Thermal Wave Cannon
		Spinal mount gun that deals massive amounts of heat damage. Consumes huge amounts of energy when fired, while significantly cooling your ship.
		
	Gorgon's Gaze
		Tractor beam. Weakens engines and tugs the target close. Pair with mauler weapons for maximum effect. 
		
	Snakebite Rockets
		Short range barrage rockets with a low propellant load and loads of explosives packed in. High rate of fire, minimal tracking, pathetic range, ruinous damage. A fighter wing armed with these should be able to tear apart anything they can get close to. 
		
	Fissioncracker Autocannon
		Mauler. Mostly inferior to the Snakebite, but doesn't have ammo restrictions. Rapidfires ionizing slugs at a target. Good hull damage. Low projectile speed makes it impractical for dogfighting, but it shoots a bit further than other maulers. 

IV. Lore
	
	Hyper-isolationist species living in a green-tinged nebula. Fully hostile to the player.
	Refugee/Exile/Rebel faction sides with the player after making contact with captives from the first expedition into the wormhole. Rebels assign the player targets and provide the keystones needed to get in/out of the nebula. 
	
	Consider making the isolationist former Pug thralls. They played along for some time, but eventually decided enough was enough. Rather than follow the wormhole to their new assignment they stayed put, purposefully severing the only wormhole leading out.
		-The Pug abandoned them and created the Wanderers instead?
		-They're a faction of Wanderers from a handful of molt-cycles ago who decided to stay in their homes rather than move on?
		-They're a military reserve being kept bottled by the Pug. Though the Pug seem more than capable of fighting themselves, so... Probably not this.
		-They purposefully rebelled against the Pug and were locked away as punishment?
	
	At any rate, the governing regime is so thoroughly isolationist that they hunt down and kill anyone with the knowledge to make a quantum key that allows passage through the wormhole. This knowledge is passed down from refugee to refugee, with each generation crafting keys, escaping, then destroying them so that they can't be followed. As such, the refugee faction is only willing to *lend* keys to the player, requiring their return at the end of the mission.
	
	Planets are beautiful, paradise-like worlds maintained through the ruthless exploitation of citizenry. A quite literal social contract exists which grants citizens rights, but at the cost of always being subject to press-gang into effective slavery. These people form the economic backbone of the society, suffering and dying so that everyone else can thrive. Slaves have a short life expectancy on account of having to work with unshielded reactors or in generally dangerous conditions; rebellions are ruthlessly crushed. The average citizen is content, healthy, and well-fed.
	
	The rebel faction, on the other hand, is going to generally be cancer-ridden, maimed, malnourished, and generally in rough shape. The most sick generally volunteer for commando missions, seeing a quick death for a noble cause as a preferable alternative to wasting away. They all remember how good life was before impressment - the underclass is not hereditary, but based on random abduction. Some might see subjugation and authoritarianism as simply being the natural order of things, and only wish to be returned to the top of the stack - others might take a more revolutionary approach. The player's interactions will potentially shape how the new society arranges itself. 
	

V. Missions

	Repeatables:
		
		Get to the center, kill the boss
			-Fairly straightforward. Player will be bottlenecked by lack of hyperlinks and wormhole-based transit, possibly defense stations guarding each wormhole. This requires them to actually fight their way to the boss.
		
		Refugee rescue
			-Board OR kill the prison transport
			-Big rep gain for boarding it and escaping
			-Refugee faction will accept the death of their comrades as better than imprisonment, but will act glum. Maybe count as mission success and pays out but lose rep?
			
		Smuggling goods/people
			-Move goods/VIPs from one refugee faction stronghold to another, OR to a regime-controlled planet
			-You'll be under attack the entire way. This isn't so much smuggling as transport through hostile territory. 
			
		Evacuation
			-Fight your way to a planet
			-Defeat its defense fleet
			-Land, fill all your bunks with refugees
			-Escape the nebula
			
	Campaign:
	
		Campaign starts with the player boarding a derelict ship in Aki'il. This ship will give the player a Damaged Quantum Key.
		
		Player takes the Damaged Quantum Key to the Remnant, who take it for further study.
		
		After a week or so the Remnant notify the player that they've sent in an exploratory vessel using the restored key. The fleet is reported as having lost contact a day after entering the wormhole. 
		
		Another week passes and a signal is received from the other side of the wormhole. The sender claims to represent the government of the systems on the other side of the wormhole. They're holding the Remnant explorers hostage on our side of the wormhole and demand food and medical supplies for their safe return. The Remnant agree to provide the necessary supplies and ask that the player scan the ship - which is a fairly rickety civilian transport that's clearly taken damage from Regime forces during its exodus.
			A) Player takes hostile action
				-Remnant is pissed
				-Refugees are pissed
				-Hostages are killed if you board the ship
				-Why did you think this would be a good idea?
			
			B) Player completes the trade and scans the ship
				-As branch C, but upon reporting back to the Remnant insight is offered upon the state of refugee tech.
				
			C) Player completes the trade
				-During the prisoner/supply exchange it becomes clear that the aliens are in extremely rough shape. Their ship has had damaged sections cordoned off, appears to be under-crewed, and a good many of the crew are walking wounded and displaying signs of malnourishment. They've been on the run for a while. 
				-The aliens are generally gruff and uncommunicative, but allow the player and the hostages to leave without incident. 
				-The damaged ship lands on the planet. 
				
		Player lands on the planet to seek out the aliens. If more than a week has passed since the hostage exchange, update the planet's description to make mention of a ramshackle settlement constructed from the ship's scrap.
		
		Expository conversation takes place; lay out the refugee's side of the story, hint a bit at the nature of their species as the Pug's castoffs. 
		
		Refugees offer their first mission: Liberate some of their comrades who have the knowledge to create more Quantum Keys. They give you the key from their now-wrecked ship.
			
			-Short gauntlet run into a cluster neighboring the start point. Disable the prison transport and board it. This would be a good chance to include named characters, such as a commando leader or a scientist. 
		
		Return to the refugee camp. The influx of new people is enough to make it a small village instead of just a few scrap-shacks. The refugees reclaim their key and hold it for safekeeping. Repeatable missions are added to the job board which allow the player to enter the nebula. 
		
		At some point diplomacy with the Remnant needs to come into play. Refugees fleeing to Remnant space through the Graveyard could bring up some interesting interactions/conflict.
		
		Add some sort of news scanner to the spaceport that displays propaganda broadcasts from the Regime.
		

VI. Integration to other regions

	Short term storytelling potential is the struggles of setting up a refugee society and trying to liberate those still trapped within, alongside more martial escapades like hunting down and eliminating targets in the gauntlet.
	
	Long term storytelling potential is the Remnant having their first case of non-hostile foreign contact, the potential uncorking of a species the Pug had sealed away, and whatever - if anything - this had to do with the Builders and Ka'het.